What's so special about this place?
(Reply: I'll call you when I'm done)
I told you I'd come with you.
So this is that jerk's house?
He actually showed up?
Let's get started.
Do... do what?
Ah! Sorry... my bad.
Do you want to go back to the station?
I didn't do it on purpose...
Not on purpose?
If you hadn't pulled me first...
So it's my fault now?
No... I said I was sorry, didn't I?
Fine. Just sit down.
I'm going to the restroom.
This is unbelievable...
Geonwoo?!
What's wrong?
Is this because of me?
Why would you...
even think that?
It's not a misunderstanding.
I hit your head earlier,
and you even had a nosebleed.
And now this...
Stop talking nonsense.
You think I'd die from something like that?
Then why did you pass out?
You looked like you were in a lot of pain.
Well...
I'm not really sure.
Hey, open your eyes...
I'm too young to go to prison for murder...
You're being too loud.
Can you help me to the sofa?
I haven't been feeling well for a while.
Okay.
You've got a fever.
What should I do...
What the...
Why is this towel so soaking wet?
It's obvious you've never taken care of anyone.
Geonwoo.
You're sick, why are you getting up?
Oh, you're awake?
Just sit. I've got it.
Feeling any better?
You really passed out back there.
Shouldn't we go to the hospital?
No.
It happens all the time.
I just need some rest.
All the time?
How is that normal?
I told you, it's no big deal.
Smells good.
Yeah.
You're not hungry, are you?
I only made enough for myself...
Oh... okay...
I'm just kidding.
Seriously... who jokes like that?
I think someone's here.
Someone's always coming by.
But there's no one outside.
Not again...
(Kim Geonwoo, only look at me)
What is this...?
At least the handwriting is legible today.
Wait...
You mean... you get these a lot?
It's nothing.
Nothing?
This is a crime.
This is straight-up stalking!
To be honest, that's why I was so jumpy yesterday.
This has been going on for a long time.
I've reported it to the police several times,
but it didn't help at all.
Now I just treat it like a nuisance.
To some, it's just a joke or an obsession,
but to the person on the receiving end,
it's actually quite painful.
That's why I was so harsh with you.
I'm sorry.
It's not usually this bad.
It's okay...
I just... didn't realize it was this serious.
Thanks for understanding.
Let's push the interview to tomorrow.
Thanks for today.
Um, well...
Hey.
Good work today.
You were there all day,
so you must be exhausted.
I'm fine.
It wasn't as bad as I thought.
It was... pretty normal.
Normal?
That's a relief.
I was worried I'd dragged you into something.
It's okay.
Nothing really happened anyway.
It's just...
Everything went pretty smoothly.
Is that so?
Then get some rest.
What are you doing tomorrow?
We didn't finish the interview today,
so we're continuing tomorrow.
Oh... I see.
Yeah.
You did a good job today.
Goodnight.
Goodnight to you, too.
"Fan Service"
(Episode 3)